[DO YOU REMEMBER
PLAYING]
♪ Yo, Jay!
Sing to these ladies
♪ There's nothing left to say
♪ Don't waste another day
♪ Just you and me tonight
♪ Everything will be okay
♪ If it's all right with you
then it's all right with me
♪ Baby, let's take this time
let's make new memories
♪ Do you remember
♪ All of the times we had ♪
[SIGHS]
Dre, you ready?
DRE: Yeah, one second.
Oh. Almost forgot.
Oh, Dre,
I am so excited.
It's like we're brave
pioneers on a quest
to start a new life
in a magical new land.
You could say that.
[SIGHS]
Okay. All right,
let's go.
And don't forget
to use the bathroom.
Um... Okay.
SHERRY: I know,
I know, I know, I know.
Okay, okay.
I just got my hair done.
[SHERRY LAUGHING]
[WOMEN EXCLAIMING]
Okay, be very careful
with that. Okay.
I'll see you later,
Uncle Charlie.
I love you.
SHERRY: Come on, Dre,
we can't miss this plane!
WOMAN: Bye.
See you later, Dre.
Bye, guys.
We're gonna miss you.
Naw, man, it's yours.
Come on, Dre,
just take it.
Thanks, man.
[MIMICS EXPLOSION]
Okay, Dre, come on,
we have to go.
Okay, bye, guys!
We'll call
as soon as we land!
[FLIGHT ATTENDANT ANNOUNCING
IN MANDARIN ON PA]
FLIGHT ATTENDANT:
Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome to flight...
You got it?
Yeah.
...with service to Beijing.
Dre, look.
We're already
on lesson 10.
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
How are you?
Remember what
that one is?
No.
Dre, you're killing me.
Mom, look, in China,
everything is old.
There's old houses,
old parks, old people.
Look. This guy is
at least 400 years old.
[SIGHS] Dre,
please focus, okay?
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
What's your name?
You need to practice.
Yeah, you need
to try it.
No, Mom.
Yes, Dre.
Dre.
Mom.
Ask him. Go ahead.
Ask him,
"What's your name?"
and "How are you?"
Do it now.
[SIGHS]
Uh...
[SPEAKING MANDARIN
HESITANTLY]
Dude, I'm from Detroit.
Oh.
Uh...
What's up?
[SAY
PLAYING]
FLIGHT ATTENDANT:
Our flight time will be
13 hours and 30 minutes.
We will be serving
dinner and breakfast.
♪ Take all of your
so-called problems
♪ Better put 'em
in quotations
♪ Say what you need to say
♪ Walking like
a one man army
♪ Fighting with
the shadows
in your head
♪ It's better
to say too much
She said to meet her
at number five.
What is that?
MRS. XIE: Mrs. Packer?
Oh!
Hi.
It's "Parker."
Oh. Apologies,
Mrs. Parker.
Welcome to Beijing.
♪ Say what you need to say
And this is your
electricity card.
Same thing.
SHERRY: You think
you might have
one in English?
Look! There's
Olympic Village!
Isn't it beautiful?
Yes.
I guess there's nothing
old in China, huh, Dre?
♪ Have no fear
for giving over
♪ You'd better know
that in the end
♪ It's better
to say too much
♪ Then never to say
what you need to say again ♪
Look at that, Dre.
Beverly Hills.
We always talked about
living there, huh?
But I think we were talking
about the other one, Mom.
I got a good feeling
about this.
Oh, yeah.
You must be the new dude
in 305. I'm Harry.
Hey. What's up? I'm Dre.
Here, let me help you.
Thanks, man.
So how come you guys
are moving to China?
My mom got transferred.
MRS. XIE: Passport,
please. Thank you.
She works at
the car factory.
Okay.
Can you please explain
this electricity card?
Because we don't have
these in America.
[BOTH SPEAKING MANDARIN]
Know any Chinese?
Uh... Nah.
This is China.
Might not be
a bad idea.
[KIDS SHOUTING]
HARRY: That's our park.
You should come.
Look at you,
making friends already.
Hi, I'm Dre's mother.
Hi. Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you, too.
You can call me Miss Sherry.
I'm Harry.
Hi, Harry.
So I guess
I'll see you
later, then?
Maybe.
Okay, cool. See ya.
MRS. XIE: Okay, this is your
rental agreement in English.
So the landlady is Mrs. Wang.
Her English is not good.
But if something goes wrong,
you go to Mr. Han.
His English is very good.
Okay.
So welcome to Beijing,
Mrs. Parker.
Thank you.
So I'll see you
tomorrow, okay?
Okay, sure. Thank you!
Oh! Wait, wait.
You mentioned something
about going to the police...
[SPONGEBOB SQUAREPANTS
THEME
SONG PLAYING]
♪ SpongeBob SquarePants
SpongeBob SquarePants ♪
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
Wow, this is perfect, Dre.
Everything we need
is in walking distance.
You know what?
We could have
lunch together
every day at your school
if you wanted to.
Negative. Not a chance.
Uh-uh. Uh-uh.
Dre, we are not
doing this in Beijing.
Dre, pick up your jacket.
[EXHALES] Mom, I'm tired,
okay? I have airplane lag.
"Airplane."
[SHERRY CHUCKLES]
It's jet lag.
I know, baby,
I got it, too.
[SIGHS] But we can't
go to sleep.
'Cause then we'll be
up at 2:00 a.m.
and you have
school tomorrow.
[KIDS SHOUTING]
SHERRY: Dre! Can you please go
find the maintenance man?
I need to take a shower
and the hot water's broken!
Yeah!
Excuse me.
I'm looking for
the maintenance man.
Mr. Han?
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
Thanks.
Mr. Han?
[MEN CHATTERING]
Hi.
Um...
We just moved into 305.
Hot water's not working.
No hot
agua.
[SHUDDERING]
Looking for Mr. Han.
Han?
[ALL EXCLAIMING IN MANDARIN]
Mr. Han?
Me and my mom,
we just moved in. 305.
The hot water's
not working.
Mr. Han?
Okay.
Or I could just come
back another time.
[FLY BUZZING]
Or you could just
show me how to do it
so I could get
outta your hair.
[SLURPING]
Mmm.
That's nasty.
Um...
I'm gonna go throw up.
In 305, where the hot
water's not working.
I think he's busy.
[COMPLAINING IN MANDARIN]
[PEOPLE CHATTERING]
Hey, man,
you made it.
Welcome.
DRE: Thanks.
You play, right?
Yeah.
Come on.
[HARRY SPEAKING MANDARIN]
Okay, it's us three
against them four.
All right.
HARRY: All right.
[THE TRIBUTE
PLAYING]
[BOY SHOUTING]
Good job, good job.
Pass!
Sub! Sub!
My shooting hand
has got some jet lag,
so I'm gonna just...
[EXHALES]
You want this?
You want me to play?
You know I have no problem
beating old people.
Back where
I come from,
they call me
Ping Pong Dre,
all right?
I'm gonna take it
easy on you.
[LAUGHS]
[HERE I COME
PLAYING]
[DRE EXCLAIMS]
♪ You boys get ready
♪ 'Cause here I come
Come on, man.
I'm 12.
Ow!
♪ Here I come
You boys get ready
♪ 'Cause here I come ♪
Oh!
[GROANS]
He's really good.
I've never seen him
lose to anybody.
Yeah.
Dude. Are you gonna
talk to her or what?
To who?
To her.
HARRY: The girl
you've been staring at.
I wasn't staring
at her, dude.
Yeah, you were.
You should go talk to her.
Unless you're scared.
I'm not scared
of anything.
Then do it. Go.
Come on.
Cool. Right now.
Hey.
What's up?
I forgot,
no English. Um...
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
[CHUCKLES]
What language was that?
You speak English?
Me, too.
So, what are you
listening to?
[CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING]
Bach.
Bach. I listen
to them
all the time.
They're tight.
Wait, you ever
heard of this?
[BABY I'M BACK
PLAYING ON PHONE]
♪ Oh!
Oh, yeah,
you like that,
huh? Wait.
♪ Said everything that
you want me to I'll do it
[CHATTERING]
Wait, whoa.
It's going over here.
It's going below.
Wait, wait.
It's coming back.
May I touch your hair?
You wanna
touch my hair?
Um...
Sure.
♪ Now, I'm back in a flesh
♪ Feeling so blessed
back in your corner, sugar
[GIGGLING]
♪ I'm back in your zone ♪
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
Leave it.
[BOTH ARGUING IN MANDARIN]
Come on, dude!
I said leave it!
[BOYS EXCLAIMING]
[BOYS CHATTERING IN MANDARIN]
[COUGHS]
Go get him.
BOY: Go, go, go!
[GROANS]
Yeah!
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
[BOYS CHEERING]
[GROANS]
[COUGHS]
Still want to fight?
[GROANING]
Are you okay?
Let me help.
Just leave me alone.
I'm fine.
Dre.
Dude, leave me alone.
SHERRY: Dre, are you ready?
'Cause we gotta be there
in like 20 minutes.
I know, Mom.
And you have your
uniform on, right?
Yes, Mom.
Don't wanna break
any rules on the first day.
Okay. Come on.
Waiting for you.
You know, you don't
have to come in.
I mean, I can handle it.
Dre, don't be silly.
It's your first day.
Plus, we both have to meet
the assistant principal,
Mrs. Po.
I can find her.
And you need
to get to work,
right?
Are you trying
to get rid of me?
No, Mom.
SHERRY: Mrs. Po?
Hi, Mrs. Po.
Ms. Parker.
We've been waiting.
I am so sorry we're late.
We just flew in from
Detroit last night.
This is my son, Dre.
Hello.
Hi.
We only wear uniforms
on Uniform Day.
Oh. That's my fault.
SHERRY: I didn't have
a chance to read
the school packet
you sent me.
We'll be better
tomorrow. Yeah.
And hats are
not permitted.
Yeah, I should have read
up on the dress code.
Dre, is that makeup?
What is that?
Mom, I ran into a pole.
No, you have a black eye.
You got into a fight?
Fighting's not
tolerated here.
You heard him,
he ran into a pole.
Come here, Dre.
Mom, don't start.
Who did it?
Nobody, Mom.
I ran into a pole.
And I didn't tell you
'cause I knew
you would act like this.
Dre, you know
I don't play that.
Somebody hit my baby,
I will tear through...
I know, Mom.
That's why I don't
tell you stuff.
Just relax.
I just ran into a pole.
Yeah, yeah,
you ran into a pole.
All right, Dre.
All right, all right.
Look, go to class.
Go to class,
but we will talk
about this later.
Okay?
All right. Go.
Okay.
I love you.
Mom!
I said I love you.
[SOFTLY] Okay,
I love you, too.
Okay, have a good day.
[BELL RINGING]
Hi.
Hey.
You know, we only wear
our uniforms on Uniform Day.
Oh, yeah.
I so got that one.
Thanks.
I'm Mei Ying.
I'm Dre.
Sorry about Cheng.
So that's his name.
Is he your boyfriend?
No.
Our parents
are very close.
Well, he definitely
likes you.
I have to go practice.
Wait.
You eat and practice
at the same time?
Yes.
But my mom says
if you eat standing up,
it gives you gas.
You're funny.
[PLATE CLATTERING]
Sorry.
Come on, dude!
Mr. Parker! Stop it!
He just slammed
the tray all over me!
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
Whatever he's saying,
he is lying!
Mr. Parker, go.
Mr. Cheng, go.
DRE: I hate this place!
[YELLS]
Four. Five.
Six.
Seven.
Eight.
Nine. Ten.
Come to fix hot water.
It's in there.
[CONTINUES YELLING]
Kid.
Did you just
hit me in my neck
with a toothpaste cap?
Hot water fine.
Flip switch.
Wait half hour.
Take shower.
Flip switch off.
Why don't you
just leave it on?
You leave on in America?
We don't have
a switch in America.
Get switch.
Save planet.
What happened to eye?
I ran into a pole.
Interesting pole.
SHERRY: Dre? I'm back.
That's my mom.
And the door handle's
messed up.
SHERRY: Are you ready
for school?
Yeah!
Hey, let me help you.
SHERRY: They have your
favorite cereal here.
I found it.
Dre.
For the one hundredth time,
can you please
pick up your jacket?
One second, Mom.
No!
Not in one second. Now.
This program's
about to be over.
Give me two minutes.
Dre, I don't care!
Come pick it up now!
God, how many times
do I have to ask you?
Once.
That's right,
make it happen.
[SOFTLY] What's it
with you and this jacket?
I'm sorry, what was that?
Nothing.
Okay, just what
I thought. Nothing.
Thank you.
[GROANS]
[BELL RINGING]
[KIDS SHOUTING]
[CHATTERING]
[LAUGHING]
[VIOLIN PLAYING]
MUSIC INSTRUCTOR: No.
[VIOLIN STOPS PLAYING]
From the top again.
[VIOLIN PLAYING]
Okay. That's enough, please.
You're rushing it.
You must play the pauses.
Do you know how
important this is
for your family?
What it'll mean
for your life?
We have to work
this weekend.
I'm calling your father.
Well, continue.
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
How'd that sound?
Almost like Chinese.
Yeah, I'm fluent.
And I don't know
what that guy
was talking about.
I thought
you sounded great.
Thank you.
[MIMICS OPERA SINGING]
[SHUSHING]
So are you practicing
for anything?
Like a show or...
Yes. I have
an audition
next month
for the Beijing
Academy of Music.
Beijing Academy of Music.
Sounds important.
You know,
their initials spell "BAM."
What?
[CHATTERING]
Yeah. Yeah.
Gotta go.
[PIANO PLAYING]
Hey.
Can I touch your hair?
Gonna do something?
Just stay away from us.
[VIOLIN PLAYING]
All of us.
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
SHERRY: Baby.
Dre, are you asleep?
[PEOPLE CHATTERING]
DRE: Hey,
can you sign this?
You're going to
the Forbidden City?
I think it's funny that you
have to get my permission
to go to the Forbidden City.
I got pull in Beijing.
That's not funny, Mom.
Cut it out, grumpy.
I'm serious, Dre,
this ice cream,
I don't know
what they do to it,
but it's more
flavor-istic.
[LAUGHS]
What?
Mom, this is you.
"Oh, my goodness,
this ice cream
here is so good,
"and everything in China
is so much better
than everything else..."
Ow! Mom, come on!
First of all,
I don't sound like that,
and I don't move
all like that.
We should've got you
some ice cream,
it's really good.
Mom, Mom, come on.
Dre.
Mom, come on!
Wait!
Wait for me, Dre. Wait.
Mom, come on.
SHERRY: Dre, wait!
Stop!
Wait, wait!
DRE: Mom!
Boy, you gonna get a nut
for running from me.
Wow.
Kung fu.
[INSTRUCTOR CHATTERING]
[STUDENTS YELLING IN UNISON]
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
[STUDENTS SPEAKING MANDARIN]
[YELLS]
[LI SHOUTS]
Hi, precious.
Mom. Mom,
come on, let's go.
What? What? Dre,
we just got here.
Come on, Mom.
Dre, what's going on?
Nothing.
Dre, what happened?
What happened?
Nothing.
Something happened.
What, you don't like
that karate class, baby?
It's not karate, Mom.
Okay, all right. Karate,
kung fu, whatever.
Dre, what happened?
We moved to China!
That's what happened!
[SIGHS]
Okay, stop.
Don't be like that, Dre.
What do you
want me to do?
We've been here
less than a week
and I feel...
I feel like it's a year!
I hate it here!
Dre, please
let me help you.
[SIGHS] I can't help you
if you don't tell me
what's wrong, so please...
You don't care
what's wrong!
All you care about
is "how happy I am"
and "how great
the ice cream is"!
Well, I'm not happy!
I hate it here!
I wanna go home!
[SIGHS]
Dre, we can't
go home. Okay?
There is nothing
left for us in Detroit.
This is what we got.
This is home.
Okay?
[PEOPLE CHATTERING]
WOMAN: [ON MEGAPHONE]
Hi, guys. Gather around here.
As the emperor was
considered to be divine,
no mere mortal
was permitted access.
Hence the name
the Forbidden City.
You touch them
for good luck.
I wish someone
would just...
Yeah, me too.
Just tell someone.
Yeah, I got it.
Thanks a lot.
The floors of the palace
were reinforced with
brick 15 layers deep
to prevent anyone
from tunneling in.
Even if an outsider
managed to get in...
Mr. Parker?
Yes?
Is everything okay?
[HESITATING] Uh...
Yes, thank you.
[CHATTERING]
[BOYS SHOUTING]
[PANTING]
[DOOR RATTLING]
[GRUNTING]
[BOYS CHATTERING]
You're fast.
[PANTING]
Not fast enough.
[GROANS]
[GRUNTS]
[PANTING]
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
[GROANING]
[GROANS]
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
[GRUNTING]
[GROANS]
[GROANING]
[SPEAKS MANDARIN]
[PANTING]
Come on.
What's up with
the light bulbs,
Mr. Han?
Shh.
I thought you were
just a maintenance man.
You think only
with your eyes,
so you are
easy to fool.
It doesn't hurt.
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
Ancient Chinese healing.
How'd you do
that out there?
You, like, didn't
even punch them.
They beat each other up.
When fighting angry,
blind men,
best to just stay
out of the way.
So where'd you
learn kung fu?
From father.
Have you ever
taught anybody?
No.
Would you?
Depends.
On what?
Reason.
What about to kick
somebody's ass?
Best fights are
the ones we avoid.
What if I wanna avoid
getting my ass kicked?
Stop saying "ass."
Sorry.
Kung fu is for
knowledge, defense.
Not to make war,
but create peace.
That's definitely not
what they're taught.
No such thing
as bad students,
only bad teacher.
Oh, that's great.
Well, I guess we'll just
stroll in their school
and talk to their teacher.
Good idea.
No, bad idea.
If I go in there,
I'll get my ass kick...
I'll get beat up.
You'll get beat up anyway.
Will you go with me?
No, sorry.
But you said
it was a good idea.
For you.
Bad idea for me.
Come on, it's not like
you're super busy
or anything,
and I don't even
speak Chinese.
Very sorry.
Okay.
All right, whatever.
[SIGHS]
Wait.
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
[GROANS]
Okay, Mr. Han,
let's get outta here.
[LI SPEAKS MANDARIN]
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
Whoa. Mr. Han,
does he want us
to fight?
[LAUGHS]
[STUDENTS ANSWERING
IN MANDARIN]
[STUDENTS YELLING IN UNISON]
So, that go pretty much
how you planned it?
There's good news
and bad news.
Good news is
they promise
to leave you alone.
Really?
While you prepare.
Prepare for what?
Tournament.
You'll fight them all
one-on-one.
Huh?
So the bad news is
now they get to
beat me up in public.
Yes.
Great. Thanks.
Thanks a lot.
They're gonna kill me.
You saw their kung fu.
That's not kung fu.
That's a bad man
teach them very bad things.
Well, that bad man
teaching very bad
things hurt. A lot.
More good news.
I will teach you
real kung fu.
Yes!
[DIRTY HARRY SCHTUNG CHINESE
NEW YEAR REMIX
PLAYING]
See you later, Mom.
Hey, wait.
This is early for you
for a Saturday.
Mr. Han's teaching me
kung fu.
The maintenance man?
It's China, Mom.
Everybody knows kung fu.
Dre, you know how I feel
about you fighting.
Kung fu's not
about fighting, Mom.
It's about making peace
with your enemies.
Be careful, Dre.
Okay.
[ELECTRIC SAW WHIRRING]
Mr. Han?
Back here.
You know, you have a car
in your living room, Mr. Han.
Okay, I was thinking
about yesterday.
I know that I was
kind of freaking out
about the tournament,
but I realized
something last night.
I'm an athlete.
My number one asset
is I'm fast, okay?
I'm quick, all right?
I'm quick. Got speed.
Cat speed. [HISSING]
See? I'm quick, yeah?
See, and I used to take
gymnastics at PAL.
That's the Police Athletic
League, so check it, right?
Boom! You see that?
Boom! You see that? Yeah.
See, my Uncle Remy used to
date this Brazilian girl.
And he learned jiu jitsu,
and he taught
some of it to me.
And it's like locks
and holds and stuff.
So, okay, attack me.
Right here. [GRUNTING]
See that? Feel that?
I could break it.
I'm choosing not to.
It's a pressure lock.
Dangerous.
And he also
taught me capoeira, so...
You can't touch me,
you can't...
That antique?
Pick up your jacket.
Oh.
So, basically, Mr. Han,
what I'm trying to say is
I've got a good
foundation here.
You know, like I said,
I'm just...
Might not be as hard to
teach me as other people,
you know?
Hang it up.
Okay.
All right, but now...
Take it down.
But you just...
Put it on.
[SIGHS]
Take it off.
I already did all this.
Can you just tell me
why I'm doing this?
Take it off.
Hang it up.
Take it down.
Put it on the ground.
Pick it up.
Hang up.
Take it down.
Put it on.
Take it off.
Put it on the ground.
Pick it up.
Hang it up.
Take it down.
Put it on.
Take it off.
Hang it up.
[SIGHS]
Mr. Han?
Why do you have a car
in your living room?
No street parking.
SHERRY: Hey.
So how did it go?
What'd you learn?
Nothing.
[WOMAN INSTRUCTING
IN MANDARIN]
Uniform on Uniform Day.
You are fighting
in the tournament.
Yeah. How did you hear?
Everybody knows.
[WHISTLE BLOWS]
I hope you have
a good teacher.
Yeah, me too.
He's a maintenance man.
Can I ask you a question?
Yes.
Well, I know that
you're practicing,
and I think
I'm practicing.
I mean, I don't know
what I'm doing.
But we're both
kind of practicing,
you know, and...
Are you going to
the Qi Xi Festival?
Yeah, I mean, I haven't
missed a Shi Vi festival
since I've been in China.
[GREETING IN MANDARIN]
Go to the Shadow Theater.
Okay. Want me to meet you?
Oh. Oh.
So, like,
Shadow Theater. Okay.
Chi Fi Shi Festival,
Shadow Theater.
Okay, cool.
Okay.
When is it again?
Tomorrow.
Show starts at 7:00.
Okay, so tomorrow,
Shadow Theater,
Shi Shi Festival, at 7:00.
See you tomorrow.
Ki Shi Festival.
Festival.
Shi Shi Festival.
Okay.
[ELECTRIC TOOL WHIRRING]
Mr. Han.
Mr. Han!
[WHIRRING STOPS]
May I come in?
You may come in.
Where's your jacket?
I thought... I was
warm enough without it.
Go get it.
Want me to go all the way
back just to get it?
Yes. All the way back
where you hide it.
It's not right.
What? I'm doing it.
No.
Something is missing.
Nothing's missing.
Ah!
You forgot this.
Attitude.
Jacket off.
Okay.
Attitude.
Yes. That's it.
Okay, Mr. Han,
I get it. I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have treated
my mom like that.
You were right.
Put it on the ground.
Hello?
Oh, hey, Mom.
Did you get
the tickets?
Yes, I got the tickets.
And I got an extra
one for Mr. Han.
But I didn't say you...
Dre, stop it.
Mr. Han, would you
like to go with us to
the Shi Shi Festival?
No, thank you.
Too many people.
Yeah, Mom,
way too many people.
Yeah, but I already
bought the tickets.
I don't go.
Mr. Han, I'm not taking
no for an answer.
You'll have fun.
You need to get out
of the house, okay?
Here are your clothes, Dre.
Come on, hurry up and change.
Dre?
Pick up your jacket!
[PEOPLE CHATTERING]
[TRADITIONAL MUSIC PLAYING]
SHERRY: You were
right, Mr. Han.
There are a lot
of people here.
Chinese Valentine's Day.
Wow.
SHERRY: This is beautiful.
Yeah. Mom?
Yeah?
I'm gonna go get
something to eat,
and then I'm gonna
go to the bathroom.
Be back right here
in 20 minutes.
Okay.
I love you.
I love you, too.
Be careful.
Twenty minutes.
Twenty!
Okay.
SHERRY: So what's the origin
of this festival again?
I know everything you do
here has a meaning.
Hi.
Hey.
Well, I got this
and this for you.
I downloaded this.
And there's this girl,
she has some really
cool violin stuff,
and I thought maybe
you could play along and...
It's not like
Bach and them,
but I thought maybe
you'd like it and...
[THANKING IN MANDARIN]
So do you have any kids?
No.
Well, how's Dre doing?
Xiao
Dre making progress.
Dre?
Yeah. Chinese
for "little."
Oh. [LAUGHS]
So how many students
do you have?
Including
Xiao
Dre?
Yeah.
One.
[GONG CLASHES]
[TRADITIONAL MUSIC PLAYING]
[WHISPERING] So,
what's this show about?
Uh...
It's a story of the goddess
and the boy she loves.
I love this story.
Her mother does not
approve of him.
So she cuts a wide
river in the sky
to separate them forever.
But once a year,
all the birds in the sky
feel sad for them
and they form a bridge
so the two of them
may be together
for a single night.
I'll be there
at your audition
if you come
to my tournament.
Okay. I'll be there.
Pinky swear?
See, you wrap
your hands like this.
I swear that I'll be
there at your audition,
no matter what happens.
And I promise to cheer bigger
than anyone else when you win.
What up, Mr. Han?
Did I say "come in"?
Huh.
I think you did.
I mean...
Mr. Han, can I
please come in?
Yes.
So, what are
we doing today?
Same.
[SIGHS]
[BELLS CHIMING]
You know, Mr. Han,
I told you.
I get it, okay?
Be respectful.
I got it.
I put my jacket on
a thousand times,
I took it off
a thousand times!
Okay? This is stupid.
I'm done.
They can beat me up
if they want to.
And you know why you
only have one student?
'Cause you don't
know kung fu.
Xiao
Dre!
What?
Come here.
Jacket on.
Mr. Han, I already...
I don't have
a jacket now.
Jacket on.
Be strong.
Firm.
Jacket off.
Remember,
always strong.
Jacket off.
Strong.
Left foot back.
Right foot back.
Left foot back!
Pick up your jacket!
Whoo, Mr.... Okay.
Focus!
Always concentrate.
Left back.
Right foot back!
Pick up your jacket!
Stay.
Pick up your jacket.
Ow!
Be strong.
Hang it up.
Hang up.
And attitude.
Strike.
Hang up, and attitude.
Harder! Harder!
[PANTING] Good.
But no face.
Jacket off!
[BOTH PANTING]
Kung fu lives in
everything we do,
Xiao
Dre.
It lives in how
we put on a jacket,
how we take off the jacket.
And lives in how
we treat people.
Everything is kung fu.
So why didn't we
take the Scirocco?
I don't drive
the Scirocco.
Do you have a license?
Yes.
So you have
a license and a car
and we're on a train?
Please be quiet.
I'm just saying.
Seems like
we could've saved
a lot of money.
Don't you think?
Do you always ask
this many questions?
I'm sorry.
So, what are
we learning today?
Chi.
Internal energy.
The essence of life.
It moves inside of us,
it flows through
our bodies.
Give us power
from within.
I get it.
Like The Force
in
Star Wars.
You're Yoda
and I'm like...
I'm like a Jedi.
[SHOUTS IN MANDARIN]
Is this where
you learned kung fu?
Yes.
Everything good about me
was born here.
Xiao
Dre, you can
leave your backpack
and skateboard here.
DRE: So where we going?
HAN: We journey to
the top of the mountain.
Drink from
the Dragon Well.
DRE: Dragon Well.
It's probably closer than
it is than looking at it.
Right?
DRE: Are we there yet?
HAN: Soon.
DRE: How do you say
"water" in Chinese?
[SPEAKS MANDARIN]
I need some
shui.
I'm really thirsty.
[PANTING]
I'm thirsty, Mr. Han.
Water on top
of the mountain.
Xiao
Dre.
The journey is complete.
Is this the Dragon Well?
Yes.
HAN: I stood here
with my father
when I was your age.
He told me it's
magic kung fu water.
You drink,
and nothing can defeat you.
[DRE GULPING]
It's the best water
I've ever tasted.
Did you see the lady
with the snake?
Yes.
She was doing
the cobra thing.
She was, like,
copying the snake,
and it was,
like, right here.
And she was like...
You did not watch
closely enough,
Xiao
Dre.
The snake was
copying the woman.
What?
I don't get it.
Look.
What do you see?
Me.
Well, my reflection.
Yes.
Now what do you see?
It's blurry.
Yes.
The woman was
like still water.
Quiet, calm.
In here and in here.
So, the snake
reflects her action,
like still water.
Like a mirror.
Yes.
So she controlled a snake
by doing nothing?
Being still and doing nothing
are two very different things.
DRE: She used her chi
on that snake, didn't she?
HAN: Very good.
You've got to teach me that,
like, how to control people.
There's only one person
you need to learn
how to control.
Who?
Empty your mind.
Flow with my movement.
Connect to the energy
around you.
I kind of just want to
learn the cobra thing.
Cobra takes a lifetime.
Requires great focus.
But I have great focus.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Oh, my God. Mr. Han?
Your focus needs
more focus.
Mr. Han?
[TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWS]
Thank you, Mr. Han.
There is no such thing
as fortune cookies in China?
Dre, please be careful
crossing the street.
You scared the life
out of me the other day.
Pedestrians do not
have the right-of-way.
And the symbols. I can't
get the symbols right
on the bathrooms.
I stay walking into
the men's restroom.
The other day I walked in,
there was this
90-year-old Chinese man.
He thought he was
gonna get a little treat.
Dre, please stop that!
You look crazy!
Here, eat your noodles.
[GROANING]
Up.
[GRUNTS]
Mr. Han,
what's going on?
[GROANS] Whoa!
Anticipation.
I can't...
Don't see it, feel it.
[THUDS]
Damn it, Mr. Han!
[GRUNTS] I felt that one!
Mr. Han!
What?
[EXCLAIMS]
Concentrate. Okay?
Okay. Do I get
the stick now?
Turn. Kick.
[THUDDING]
DRE: Ouch.
Dre, you okay?
I'm okay!
So, Mr. Han, what time
we training tomorrow?
Xiao
Dre, we are not
training tomorrow.
Why not?
[SPEAKS MANDARIN]
[REPEATING IN MANDARIN]
Means, "Too much
something is not good."
You train a lot.
You need rest.
A day off?
Yes, Mr. Han. Yes.
Xiao
Dre needs to rest.
Yes, Mr. Han.
You rest, too.
Love you, Mr. Han.
Peace!
Hey.
Are you okay?
My audition is
tomorrow at 6:00.
But isn't that what
you've been practicing for?
Yes, of course.
Don't worry.
You got it.
What if they
don't pick me?
[BELL RINGING]
Mei Ying, wait!
Okay, first of all,
I'm gonna be
there with you.
And B, all you have to do
is what your teacher says.
Play the pauses.
It's easy, watch.
See?
I have to practice.
Wait.
[SPEAKS MANDARIN]
What?
I'm starting to think
you don't speak Chinese.
[REPEATING IN MANDARIN]
Too much-a good stuff
is bad stuff?
Oh!
[SPEAKS MANDARIN]
Yeah.
[REPEATING IN MANDARIN]
Come on.
Where are we going?
Dang, have you
been to the gym?
Wait, no!
Come on, we're gonna
go have some fun.
I have to go! No!
Come on, I know you want
to go have some fun.
[BANG BANG
PLAYING]
♪ Oh my, oh my
I should have known
♪ When she said to me
on the phone
♪ "You do not
know me very well
♪ "But I would
never hurt a fly"
♪ Then she aimed
at my chest
with love in her eye
♪ I said she aimed
at my chest
with love in her eye
♪ She was walking around
with a loaded shotgun
♪ Ready to fire me a hot one
♪ It went bang, bang, bang
♪ Straight through my heart
♪ She shot me
she shot me
♪ Bang, bang
Whoa, whoa!
Okay, that's gonna give
you some serious gas.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
♪ Ready to fire me a hot one
♪ It went bang, bang, bang
♪ Straight through my heart ♪
Don't do it.
What do you see?
Me.
Now what do you see?
[CHUCKLES] Me.
[BEEPING]
[LOW
PLAYING ON MACHINE]
♪ Come on
♪ Shawty had them
Apple Bottom jeans
♪ Boots with the fur
♪ With the fur
♪ She hit the floor
she hit the floor
♪ Next thing you know
♪ Shawty got
low, low, low, low
low, low, low, low ♪
You go. Come on.
ARCADE MACHINE:
You're a dance machine.
That was pretty good.
Go ahead.
Here comes Round 2.
[POKER FACE
PLAYING
ON MACHINE]
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
♪ I'll get him hot
show him what I've got
♪ Can't read my
can't read my
♪ No, he can't
read my poker face
♪ She's got to love nobody
♪ Can't read my
can't read my
♪ No, he can't
read my poker face
♪ She's got to love nobody
♪ P-p-p-poker face
p-p-poker face
♪ I wanna roll with him
a hard pair we will be
♪ A little gambling is fun
when you're with me ♪
You're hot!
[SIGHS]
That's like
American dancing.
Like, you should
have a group...
No.
...with, like,
other people in it,
and they're dancing
behind you,
doing the same stuff.
[CELL PHONE BEEPING]
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
The audition,
it was changed
to today.
But they said
it was tomorrow.
Something happened.
It's in 20 minutes.
My father is coming
to get me.
[PLAYING
FLIGHT
OF THE BUMBLEBEE]
Excuse me. Sorry.
Excuse me, coming through!
[STOPS PLAYING]
[SPEAKS MANDARIN]
[DOOR OPENING]
Come on, come on.
[PLAYS MELANCHOLIC TUNE]
Excuse me!
[MURMURING]
Hey, she's, like,
totally gonna get in,
right?
Because that
was just great.
[INAUDIBLE]
Hey, that was fantastic.
[STAMMERS]
You played so
beautifully and...
We can no longer
be friends.
You are bad
for my life.
See you at the tournament.
Don't be late for that.
[CRASHING]
[BANGING]
Mr. Han!
We no train today.
What are you doing?
It's June 8th.
Why'd you break the car?
His name was Gong Gong.
Xiao
Dre,
how old are you?
Twelve.
He was 10.
[SOBBING]
He was so beautiful.
Her name was Zhang.
She was a singer.
[SIGHS] Not professional.
She sang only for me.
[SINGING IN MANDARIN]
[SNIFFLES]
What happened?
[EXHALES DEEPLY]
It was a steep hill.
Lots of rain.
The car just...
I was driving.
We argue about something.
I was so angry.
I lost control.
I try to remember.
I cannot remember
what we argue about.
HAN: I hope it was
something important.
Every year,
I fix the car.
Still fix nothing.
[CRYING]
[YELLS]
[DRE YELLING]
Punch.
Good.
Mr. Han.
Look at me.
Down!
Faster!
One more.
HAN: Come here.
[GROANS]
Win or lose,
doesn't matter.
Fight hard.
Earn respect.
Boys leave you alone.
Have present for you.
Oh!
Mr. Han!
Man!
This is the one
Bruce Lee had.
Great.
Thank you.
[SIGHS] You have taught me
a very important lesson,
Xiao
Dre.
Life will knock us down.
But we can choose
whether or not
to get back up.
You're the best friend
I ever had, Mr. Han.
Okay.
Wait, can you help me
with something?
[DOORBELL RINGS]
Dre?
Is your dad home?
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
That's it.
MEI YING: My daughter
told me that she made
a promise
to be at your tournament.
In our family,
we do not break
our promises.
Good luck.
[THANKING IN MANDARIN]
Rock and roll.
[BACK IN BLACK
PLAYING]
♪ Oh, yeah ♪
[DINGS]
[ANNOUNCER SPEAKING MANDARIN]
Hi!
Hey!
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
We're up.
What's that?
Rulebook.
You don't know the rules?
Of course I know the rules.
Simple. You hit him,
don't let him hit you.
What? Mr....
They're gonna kill me.
Ah!
Two points to win.
Go. Hit him two times.
Focus, focus. Come on.
[AUDIENCE CHEERING]
[INSTRUCTS IN MANDARIN]
HAN: Dre!
SHERRY: Come on, Dre!
[REFEREE SPEAKING MANDARIN]
That's a warning.
You cannot run
out of the mat.
Next time,
you lose a point.
Go. Hey, be strong.
Come on, Dre.
[GROANS]
[BOYS BOOING]
[REFEREE SPEAKING MANDARIN]
[PEOPLE CHEERING]
[PEOPLE LAUGHING]
Good job.
Next time, no face.
I'm sorry,
I can't help it.
Okay, okay, okay.
Next point, winner.
Come on, baby!
[AUDIENCE CHEERING]
Yeah!
[ANNOUNCER SPEAKING MANDARIN]
[HIGHER GROUND
PLAYING]
♪ Soldiers
♪ Keep on warring
♪ World
♪ Keep on turning
♪ Powers
♪ Keep on lying
♪ While your people
♪ Keep on dying
♪ World
♪ Keep on turning
♪ 'Cause it won't be too long
♪ I'm so darn glad
he let me try it again
That's right, baby!
♪ Gonna keep on trying
till I reach
the highest ground
♪ Teachers
♪ Keep on teaching
[AUDIENCE CHEERING]
Go.
♪ Keep on preaching
♪ World
♪ Keep on turning
[AUDIENCE EXCLAIMING]
♪ Keep on loving
♪ While believers
♪ Keep on believing
♪ Sleepers
♪ Just stop sleeping
♪ 'Cause it won't be too long
♪ I'm so darn glad
he let me try it again
[YELLS]
♪ 'Cause my last time
on earth I lived
a whole world of sin
♪ I'm so glad that I know
more than I knew then
♪ Gonna keep on trying
till I reach
the highest ground ♪
[GROANS]
[ANNOUNCER SPEAKING MANDARIN]
From now on,
semi-final matches.
Three points to win.
Be kind of hot
if I won this thing,
right, Mr. Han?
Be kind of hot
if you focus.
Yeah, well, after that.
[ANNOUNCER SPEAKING MANDARIN]
[YELLING]
[REFEREE INSTRUCTING
IN MANDARIN]
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[REFEREE INSTRUCTS
IN MANDARIN]
[REFEREE ANNOUNCING
[CHEERING]
[ANNOUNCER SPEAKING MANDARIN]
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
Empty your mind.
Focus.
[AUDIENCE CHEERING]
[GROANING]
[REFEREE INSTRUCTS
IN MANDARIN]
[AUDIENCE BOOING]
Be still.
Xiao
Dre.
[GROANING]
You okay?
HAN: Don't move.
Don't move.
[GROANS]
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
Doctor says
you did great.
[SIGHS]
[THANKING IN MANDARIN]
You okay, baby?
Yeah, I'm okay.
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
Can you guys
give us a second?
Yeah, okay. Sure, baby,
whatever you need.
Do you think
I could have won?
Win or lose doesn't
matter,
Xiao
Dre.
You know that's
not what I mean.
Yes. I think you had
a good chance.
So let's do
the fiery cup thing.
You don't need
to fight anymore.
You have proven everything
you need to prove.
What, that I can
get beat up easy
and then quit?
That's not balance.
That's not real kung fu.
You said that when
life knocks you down,
you could choose whether
or not to get back up.
Well, I'm trying
to get back up,
and why won't
you help me?
Because I cannot watch you
get hurt anymore.
Please, Mr. Han.
Please.
Just tell me,
Xiao
Dre, why?
Why you need to go back
out there so badly?
Because I'm still scared.
No matter what happens,
tonight, when I leave,
I don't want to
be scared anymore.
[ANNOUNCER SPEAKING MANDARIN]
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
[PEOPLE MURMURING]
[AUDIENCE CHEERING]
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
[GROANS]
Xiao
Dre.
[EXHALES HARD]
Come on, Dre.
You can do this, Dre.
[SCREAMING]
Whoo!
You okay?
[PANTING] Yeah.
I'm okay.
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
[REFEREE INSTRUCTING
IN MANDARIN]
[GROANS]
[AUDIENCE EXCLAIMING]
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
[GROANING]
Come on, Dre.
[AUDIENCE CHANTING]
Whoo!
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
[YELLING]
[SCREAMING]
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
[MOUTHING] You won!
Dre! Dre!
[CRYING] I'm so proud of you!
Good.
[SPEAKING MANDARIN]
[NEVER SAY NEVER
PLAYING]
♪ Yeah, yeah
♪ Never, ever, ever
ever, ever, ever
♪ See I never thought that
I could walk through fire
♪ I never thought that
I could take the burn
♪ I never had the strength
to take it higher
♪ Until I reached
the point of no return
♪ And there's just
no turning back
♪ When your heart's
under attack
♪ Gonna give everything I have
♪ It's my destiny
♪ I will never say never!
♪ I will fight
♪ I will fight till forever!
♪ Make it right
♪ Whenever you knock me down
♪ I will not
stay on the ground
♪ Pick it up
pick it up
♪ Pick it up, up, up
♪ And never say never
♪ Never say never
♪ Never say
never, never say
♪ I never thought
I could feel this power
♪ I never thought that
I could feel this free
♪ I'm strong enough
to climb the highest tower
♪ And I'm fast enough
to run across the sea
♪ And there's just
no turning back
♪ When your heart's
under attack
♪ Gonna give everything I have
♪ 'Cause this is my destiny
♪ I will never say never!
♪ I will fight
♪ I will fight till forever!
♪ Make it right
♪ Whenever you knock me down
♪ I will not
stay on the ground
♪ Pick it up
pick it up
♪ Pick it up, up, up
♪ And never say never
♪ Here we go!
♪ Guess who?
♪ J. Smith and J.B.!
♪ I gotcha lil' bro
♪ I can handle him
Hold up, all right?
♪ Now, he's bigger than me
Taller than me
♪ And he's older than me
And stronger than me
♪ And his arms'
a little bit
longer than me
♪ But he ain't on
a J.B. song with me
♪ I be trying a chill
♪ They be trying to
side with the thrill
♪ No pun intended
was raised by
the power of Will
♪ Like Luke with the force
if push comes to shove
♪ Like Kobe in the 4th
ice water with blood
♪ I gotta be the best
and yes
we're the flyest
♪ Like David and Goliath
I conquered the giant
♪ So now I got
the world in my hand
♪ I was born from two stars
♪ So the moons where I land
♪ I will never say never!
♪ I will fight
♪ I will fight till forever!
♪ Make it right
♪ Whenever you knock me down
♪ I will not
stay on the ground
♪ Pick it up
pick it up
♪ Pick it up, up, up
♪ And never say never
♪ I will never say never!
♪ I will fight till forever!
♪ Make it right
♪ Whenever you knock me down
♪ I will not
stay on the ground
♪ Pick it up
pick it up
♪ Pick it up, up, up
♪ And never say never
♪ Never say never
♪ And never say never ♪